Okay. Right. Um well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project. Um and um this is just what we're gonna be doing over the next twenty five minutes. Um so first of all, just to kind of make sure that we all know each other, I'm Laura and I'm the project manager. Do you want to introduce yourself again? Okay. Great. Okay. Um so we're designing a new remote control and um Oh I have to record who's here actually. So that's David, Andrew and Craig, isn't it? And you all arrived on time. Um yeah so des uh design a new remote control. Um, as you can see it's supposed to be original, trendy and user friendly. Um so that's kind of our our brief, as it were. Um and so there are three different stages to the design. Um I'm not really sure what what you guys have already received um in your emails. What did you get? Mm-hmm. Is that what everybody got? Okay. Um. So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it. And repeat that process three times. Um and at this point we get try out the whiteboard over there. Um. So uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it. So who would like to go first? Very good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Lovely. Right. You can take as long over this as you like, because we haven't got an awful lot to discuss. Ok oh we do we do. Don't feel like you're in a rush, anyway. Ach why not We might have to get you up again then. I don't know what mine is. I'm gonna have to think on the spot now. Is that a whale? Ah. Okay. God, I still don't know what I'm gonna write about. Um. I was gonna choose a dog as well. But I'll just draw a different kind of dog. M my favourite animal is my own dog at home. Um That doesn't really look like him, actually. He looks more like a pig, actually. Ah well. Do you? Oh that's very good of you. Uh. Um he's a mixture of uh various things. Um and what do I like about him, um That's just to suggest that his tail wags. Um he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you, and very kind of affectionate and um uh and he's quite quite wee as well so you know he can doesn't take up too much space. Um and uh And he does a funny thing where he chases his tail as well, which is quite amusing, so It is. I think it is. He only does it after he's had his dinner and um he'll just all of a sudden just get up and start chasing his tail 'round the living room. Yeah, so uh Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Right, um where did you find this? Just down here? Yeah. Okay. Um what are we doing next? Uh um. Okay, uh we now need to discuss the project finance. Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro, um and we're aiming to make fifty million Euro. Um so we're gonna be selling this on an international scale. And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros, so fifty percent of the selling price. Sure. All together. Um I dunno. I imagine That's a good question. I imagine it probably is our sale actually because it's probably up to the the um the retailer to uh sell it for whatever price they want. Um. But I I don't know, I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all? Think it will? Um. Hmm. Oh yeah, regions and stuff, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well for a remote control, do you think that will be I suppose it's depends on how complicated our remote control is. Yeah, yeah. Okay. What, just like in terms of like the wealth of the country? Like how much money people have to spend on things like? Aye, I see what you mean, yeah. Marketing. Good marketing thoughts. Oh gosh, I should be writing all this down. Um. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like how much does, you know, a remote control cost. Well twenty five Euro, I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something, isn't it? Or no, is it as much as that? Sixteen seventeen eighteen pounds. Um, I dunno, I've never bought a remote control, so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you. Um. But yeah, I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky. Um right, okay. Let me just scoot on ahead here. Okay. Um well d Does anybody have anything to add to uh to the finance issue at all? Thin No, actually. That would be useful, though, wouldn't it, if you knew like what your money would get you now. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Oh. Five minutes to end of meeting. Oh, okay. We're a bit behind. Yeah. Right, so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control d you know, do your your satellite and your regular telly and your V_C_R_ and everything? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or even like, you know, notes about um what you wanna watch. Like you might put in there oh I want to watch such and such and look a Oh that's a good idea. So extra functionalities. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Um okay, uh I'd wel we're gonna have to wrap up pretty quickly in the next couple of minutes. Um I'll just check we've nothing else. Okay. Um so anything else anybody wants to add about what they don't like about remote controls they've used, what they would really like to be part of this new one at all? You keep losing them. Okay. Yeah. W You get those ones where you can, if you like, whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep. There I mean is that something we'd want to include, do you think? Dunno. Okay maybe. My goodness. Still feels quite primitive. Maybe like a touch screen or something? Okay. Uh-huh, okay. Well I guess that's up to our industrial designer. It looks better. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right, well um so just to wrap up, the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes. So that's about um about ten to twelve by my watch. Um so inbetween now and then, um as the industrial designer, you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it so y you know what you're doing there. Um for user interface, technical functions, I guess that's you know like what we've been talking about, what it'll actually do. Um and uh marketing executive, you'll be just thinking about what it actually what, you know, what requirements it has to has to fulfil and you'll all get instructions emailed to you, I guess. Um. Yeah, so it's th the functional design stage is next, I guess. And uh and that's the end of the meeting. So I got that little message a lot sooner than I thought I would, so Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, yeah. Th Okay, well just very quickly 'cause this we're supposed to finish now. Um I guess that's up to us, I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it, so um, you know Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Right, okay, we'll that's that's the end of the meeting, then. Um. So, uh thank you all for coming. The history of textbooks dates back to ancient civilizations. For example, Ancient Greeks wrote educational texts. The modern textbook has its roots in the mass production made possible by the printing press. Johannes Gutenberg himself may have printed editions of Ars Minor, a schoolbook on Latin grammar by Aelius Donatus. Early textbooks were used by tutors and teachers (e.g. alphabet books), as well as by individuals who taught themselves. The Greek philosopher Socrates lamented the loss of knowledge because the media of transmission were changing.[3] Before the invention of the Greek alphabet 2,500 years ago, knowledge and stories were recited aloud, much like Homer's epic poems. The new technology of writing meant stories no longer needed to be memorized, a development Socrates feared would weaken the Greeks' mental capacities for memorizing and retelling. (Ironically, we know about Socrates' concerns only because they were written down by his student Plato in his famous Dialogues.). The next revolution in the field of books came with the 15th-century invention of printing with changeable type. The invention is attributed to German metalsmith Johannes Gutenberg, who cast type in molds using a melted metal alloy and constructed a wooden-screw printing press to transfer the image onto paper. Gutenberg's first and only large-scale printing effort was the now iconic Gutenberg Bible in the 1450s — a Latin translation from the Hebrew Old Testament and the Greek New Testament. Gutenberg's invention made mass production of texts possible for the first time. Although the Gutenberg Bible itself was expensive, printed books began to spread widely over European trade routes during the next 50 years, and by the 16th century, printed books had become more widely accessible and less costly. While many textbooks were already in use, compulsory education and the resulting growth of schooling in Europe led to the printing of many more textbooks for children. Textbooks have been the primary teaching instrument for most children since the 19th century. Two textbooks of historical significance in United States schooling were the 18th century New England Primer and the 19th century McGuffey Readers. Recent technological advances have changed the way people interact with textbooks. Online and digital materials are making it increasingly easy for students to access materials other than the traditional print textbook. Students now have access to electronic books ("e-books"), online tutoring systems and video lectures. An example of an e-book is Principles of Biology from Nature Publishing. Most notably, an increasing number of authors are avoiding commercial publishers and instead offering their textbooks under a creative commons or other open license. 