Hi All, Welcome to this meeting today. I am Soniya and will be taking us through this meeting today. For today's meeting, we have gathered here to discuss about the topic of how robots have an interplay in the Psychological aspect of our well-being. To start with, I would like start by introducing myself briefly and each of introducing yourself so that we get to know each other a little bit. So starting with introducing myself again, I am Soniya and am a student at the Hamburg University, doing my Masters in Intelligent Adaptive Systems. I have particular interest in the domain of Social Robotics because I believe the way robots are interacting in our daily lives effect our physical and mental wellbeing. I believe there is a huge impact on how we percieve or accept them in our daily lives.
Hi, I am Abhilash, also a student at Hamburg University and doing the same Masters as Soniya. At the university, in my studies I focus more on using neural networks for detecting leaks in semi-conductor devices. I am here to know more about this topic as I have never gotten a chance to know more or interact with people who have been working in the Social Robotics domain. Thank you Abhilash for introducing yourself. Since we are done with the introduction part, let us continue with knowing more about the topic. Let me give an introduction to the topic. We know that robots are becoming a common element in our day to day lives. The topic we discuss today is under the domain called as Human-Robot Interaction and under the second domain of pyschology. It is indeed an interesting interplay of these two domains. Social robots are typically more human-like in design, and embody a number of social behaviours, from speech to gestures to eye gaze. They can also be applied in many different domains such as healthcare, education, retail, and entertainment. However, the design and implementation of such robots is still in the beginning stages. Social robots are typically more human-like in design, and embody a number of social behaviours, from speech to gestures to eye gaze. They can also be applied in many different domains such as healthcare, education, retail, and entertainment. However, the design and implementation of such robots is still in the beginning stages.